there's still no relief in sight for the
people of Gaza which remains under heavy
Israeli bombardment hundreds more
Palestinians have been killed in the
past day Health officials say some
hospitals can no longer treat the
wounded because they're run out of
medicine and fuel more humanitarian a
trucks have been able to enter the strip
but supplies are running dangerously low
the health Ministry says close to
5,800 Palestinians have been killed
since the strikes began on October the
7th following an attack by on Southern
Israel that killed 1,400 Israelis Al
jaz's Han abua is joining us live from K
yunus and the Gaza Strip the hospitals
continuing to struggle and supplies are
running out of
honey yes well hospitals uh are running
out of essential supplies and the more
air strikes are are taking in place from
north to south only adding more pressure
on Hos hospitals to accommodate more
casualties now at this point uh we know
there are more than uh 10 hospitals are
out of service and the remaining
hospitals and medical uh centers uh in
support of those hospitals are suffering
from extreme shortage of essential
supplies let alone power generators fuel
to run their power generator to sustain
uh their services uh unfortunately we
are talking about 18
,000 casualties brought to hospital
that's beyond uh the capacity of all the
hospitals combined in the Gaza Strip uh
for example the hospitals we're
reporting from nazer hospitals uh it is
started an emergency plan on top of the
already implemented emergency plan which
is evacuating the hospital from any non
lifethreatening
casualties and even though the case
might need couple days or a week at the
hospital but they are asked to leave
because they just want to make room for
more of the casualties coming in uh to
the hospital the scenes are very
horrific and it just it gives you a
sense that there is there is a
catastrophe uh coming in at any time uh
in in the in the few the few coming
hours well we're talking uh about
Israeli air strikes continuing honey
just talk us through what's been
happening in the last few
hours this will the past night has been
very difficult and a bloody uh for
Palestinians living particularly
anywhere in the Gaza Strip the there
there a a massive air strike campaign
and heavy uh artillery Shilling is
started as early as 9:00 of last night
and I just give you an example of EXT
stream of these uh attacks were in the
city of khun near the uh the hospital
Naser Hospital an entire block entire
residential block have been destroyed
completely uh 17 people were pronounced
did right at the spot with so many still
under the rubel that residential uh
block is located in the western part of
hanun it's It's called The Block G uh
within the vicinity of Naser Hospital in
a different location the Easter side of
city of khun uh more residential homes
and buildings have been the target of
air strikes and artillery Shilling at 10
more people were pronounced did right
away and tens more of casualties ra has
been uh since early hours of this
morning at 2: or 3: in the morning uh
has been the sight of heavy uh and an
extremely heavy artillery Shilling
almost all the densely populated
neighborhoods of the city of raav have
been under heavy bombardment bombardment
since last night more than 20 people
have been reported killed and tens more
of casualties and as on our way to the
site of reporting uh we saw a a house uh
being destroyed right at the spot uh the
scene was horrific and and and hard
breaking thinking of all the people
inside the house who were not warned to
leave before the air strike H thank you
very much indeed that's Han Abu sha
bringing us up to date from conun in the
Gaza Strip Dr Hassan kalaf is a medical
director at the alwafa hospital in Gaza
and he says they're operating with a
bare minimum of
supplies I helped cha hospital and
brought um about 30 uh wounded from
shifa hospital just to give them you
know space for
some
know new inured
people and this is the situation my
hospital my patients are elderly with
chronic diseases with with big SS with
pressure ancers and you know strokes and
neurological diseases and I as I told
you 30 out of them 30 patients brought
from shifa hospital who have you know
injured what this is the the minimal the
minimal and uh
they only available even the food we
would have food you know the food we we
would depend on bean cans and jams and
cheese and can so dry food and there is
not suitable feeding as well as you know
deficiency in medications but the the
great problem is the electricity and you
know light and you
know you know the other machines or
equipment who need who depend completely
on the electricity as well as lift and
so other other parts of the hospital so
are facing great great difficulties we
have know small solar system using for
lighting and we some we could the few
the P few days work in the generator for
two or three hour just to um to do the
minimal work but all the time you know
minimal light there is you know minimal
electricity and we cannot you know be
sure that how many days the the disaster
will come and watch now all people here
will die